Girls Mind Who You Slice by L.F.
Jefferson Lovelady.
There was a young lady in London did dwell A beautiful damsel called Sally by name There was a young knight worth three thousand a year To court this young lady, this young knight did steer
Oh Sally, pretty Sally, oh Sally, says he, I'm sorry, oh my love, and yours don't agree, A ruin, a ruin, I ever shall be, Unless there is a liking that you take to me, I never can have you, nor no other man,
As far to have you, it's more than I can.
Her being so rich and her portion so high.
Upon this young night she did scarce cast an eye.
Six months it has happened, it's happened and passed.
She is pierced to the heart and I know not what far.
He sends for this young man that she had slighted and scorned.
He comes, he comes unto her bedside.
Sing, madam, the pain that those trouble you who line your head are your side.
Oh, no, kind sir, they right you've not guessed.
The pain that those trouble me, it lies in my breath.
Oh, Sally, pretty Sally, oh, Sally, says he, it's don't you remember when you slighted me?
Oh, yes, kind sir, but I hope you may forgive and grant me a few more years longer to live.
I never can forgive you, enduring my breath.
I'll dance all over your grave when you're laid under the earth.
She pulls off a finger her diamond rings three.
Sing, wear these for my sake when you're dancing over me.
Oh, girls, oh, girls, it's mine who you slight.
You proud-hearted ladies, I bid you good night.